Joan Kandel: Hello.
Justin’s iPhone: How's it going,
Joan Kandel: It's good. You're Justin.
Justin’s iPhone: Justin.
Joan Kandel: Hey there, Justin. I'm Dr. Kendall
Justin’s iPhone: Nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you too.
Joan Kandel: Is that a dog in the backseat.
Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: We're driving
Haha
Joan Kandel: Sweet.
Joan Kandel: Looks cute.
Justin’s iPhone: What's your dog's name.
Justin’s iPhone: Sophie sad.
Joan Kandel: Oh, Sophie and stayed
Joan Kandel: There. Awesome.
Joan Kandel: Well, I can only see one of them.
Joan Kandel: Awesome. There we go. There's
Joan Kandel: The Rottweiler nice, very nice.
Joan Kandel: So where are you driving from
Justin’s iPhone: Texas.
Joan Kandel: Oh, wow.
Joan Kandel: So you're
Justin’s iPhone: Wearing Texas.
Joan Kandel: You're in Santa Fe now.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And are you
Justin’s iPhone: Are you moving
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Joan Kandel: I see.
Joan Kandel: You don't have headphones to
Justin’s iPhone: Drive.
Joan Kandel: Headphones with the microphone.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, that would be great if you could use those.
Justin’s iPhone: I guess my
Justin’s iPhone: Parts.
Justin’s iPhone: Were right here in front of
Justin’s iPhone: Me.
Justin’s iPhone: Can you hear me, or can you not hear me all right.
Joan Kandel: Well, it's a little. It's a little noisy, where are you right now.
Joan Kandel: And then when you get to Santa Fe, where you hit where you going
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, we're going to our hotel for
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, are going to our hotel right now.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so you're going to be in your hotel in a few minutes.
Yes.
Joan Kandel: You want to call your hotel.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'll call you right back.
Joan Kandel: Get
Joan Kandel: Yeah, that sounds good. Okay.
Joan Kandel: I'll be here.
Justin’s iPhone: Thank you.
Joan Kandel: Hey, they're
Joan Kandel: Safe in the hotel room.
Justin’s iPhone: Trying to make it
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, are you settled.
Joan Kandel: In a place
Joan Kandel: To be nice to have you.
Joan Kandel: sitting somewhere. Okay, cool.
Joan Kandel: There we go.
Joan Kandel: All right.
Joan Kandel: And your headphones are working
Yes.
Justin’s iPhone: Hey,
Joan Kandel: Okay. Okay, good.
Joan Kandel: So, uh, just to tell me a little bit about what's happening.
Joan Kandel: With you in your life right now.
Justin’s iPhone: That you're moving and
Joan Kandel: What's going on.
Justin’s iPhone: All the coronavirus pretty much million of us oil.
Justin’s iPhone: About eight years.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Justin’s iPhone: I'm pretty much I'm on it for pain management.
Justin’s iPhone: I was in a bad. Well, I've time heroin and stuff like that in when I was younger. But, and I knew about Suboxone but pretty much I just needed Suboxone to
Justin’s iPhone: help with the pain because you know pain medicine and all that other stuff just wasn't working for me. And I mean, the doctors are voting me okay because I was crushed by 150 2000 pounds. We had a
Justin’s iPhone: Caller sort of slip and it was holding 10,000 feet of pipe and the pipe drew me into another piece of pipe and so it messed up.
Justin’s iPhone: My wrist and most of my shoulder, my back.
Justin’s iPhone: And so, as they were just taking a lot of pain medicine at the time. And then one of my daughters, like, Well, why don't we try out the box and see how that goes. I was Dr. Watson and actually actually helped a lot.
Justin’s iPhone: helped a lot and
Justin’s iPhone: Made a world of a difference.
Justin’s iPhone: I wasn't so much looking for other stuff and just doing a fast so it worked out really good.
Joan Kandel: Haha
Joan Kandel: And before you switch to this of awesome, were you when you say you were looking for other stuff, were you taking more than prescribed and kind of misusing the the
Justin’s iPhone: Media. I mean, I was getting was getting plus i was
Justin’s iPhone: Trying to find more because I'd always
Joan Kandel: Got it.
Joan Kandel: Haha
Justin’s iPhone: Right.
Justin’s iPhone: And then when I come at it and once you switch to Suboxone that didn't happen.
Justin’s iPhone: Now wasn't having that issue. It's just I guess like Laura tab and stuff like that. Because I mean, when I was younger, I did heroin. You know I injected I've done all my blood work and stuff so clean but but
Justin’s iPhone: Okay, I just never, you know, like, more tabs and stuff like that. Just never really did anything after that situation.
Joan Kandel: Haha
Got it.
Joan Kandel: What's your dose of Suboxone
Justin’s iPhone: When I was at Dr. Watson. Before Dr. Watson retired, he was giving me he was giving me three a day but then when I went to Dr. P. Dr. Dr. Pepper wallah
Justin’s iPhone: He was like, well, I don't ever prescribed anybody that much and and I'm only going to give you two. And now with with him giving me too. It was like a major cut back for me.
Justin’s iPhone: And so like for the last few months, I've been like, I'm all, I feel like I'm always going like a couple days early for my script, because I'm trying to make it, you know.
Joan Kandel: Haha
Joan Kandel: When did that switch happen.
Justin’s iPhone: From 2014 to
Justin’s iPhone: 16 happened, what happened like about six months ago when Dr. Watson, like he retired. I guess I mean he just told us all of a sudden like you guys are going to need to find a new
Joan Kandel: drummer.
Joan Kandel: Alright, so it's been about six months and have. Do you feel like you've adjusted at all to the to the lower dose.
Justin’s iPhone: No, I feel like I'm constantly running down like thing is is when they took out when they took out my proximity row like they didn't just take out three bones ended up taking out 42 pieces when they didn't my, my back. I've got, I've got multiple I've got multiple steroid injections.
Justin’s iPhone: And that's still like they still think that we just need to do surgery on it. And honestly, like whenever I've tried to do real good. I'm taking two a day. I feel like it's just
Justin’s iPhone: By by nighttime when it's time to go a bit. I feel like I'm waking up in the middle of the night, I take a half or take a quarter or take something just to help me get through the night because I have a hard time
Justin’s iPhone: Trying to get comfortable. Turning back and forth.
Justin’s iPhone: Haha mixing
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. It does. Um, and how are you taking the the Suboxone do you take it all at once in the morning, or do you take it.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah i said before I take a full strip. When I wake up.
Justin’s iPhone: And then I take another full strip like around one or two o'clock. And then, you know, then by the time I'm about to go to bed like around 10 or 11 o'clock.
Justin’s iPhone: You know, usually I start, I feel like it's wearing off. I mean, maybe it's because I've been on the Pro. The Suboxone for so long.
Justin’s iPhone: I guess maybe, but I just feel like, you know, that's why I always felt like it was perfect, because then right as I went to bed. It was able to relax my back enough for for me to get a full night's sleep.
Joan Kandel: So you've been taking a strip in the morning a strip around one and then just toughing it out through the night, or actually taking
Justin’s iPhone: That wall. And I mean, I've been. I've been.
Justin’s iPhone: I've been some like if depending on how much I have left like at the end of the month, like, I'll just tough it out but like during the beginning of the month, you know, I usually take a quarter.
Justin’s iPhone: Just because it
Joan Kandel: Was haha
Justin’s iPhone: Especially to the hard labor in the world.
Justin’s iPhone: Right.
Joan Kandel: Which isn't happening anymore at this
Point.
Justin’s iPhone: Exactly.
Justin’s iPhone: Now we're moving so
Justin’s iPhone: We're moving back to Santa Fe.
Justin’s iPhone: OK, I can go ahead and help my dad take over, you know, start running our pest control company that we also Mexico.
Joan Kandel: Got it. Okay. So did you grow up in Santa Fe.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, I did. I grew up in Santa Fe, New Mexico. I've actually been my dad and my brother and run their dad's basketball since are like 13
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, nice. Oh yeah, back into the family business.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, that's a little bit more easy going and it's just
Justin’s iPhone: It's just the it's a little bit easier. I mean, there's days where it's harder but but at the same time. That's all you can do. You know,
Justin’s iPhone: Right. Man, those days where I've gotta run up and down hills and
Justin’s iPhone: Spray Shreve stuff like that. I mean, anything you do is hard work. So
Joan Kandel: Right here to the oil field.
Justin’s iPhone: During during March through
Justin’s iPhone: October, it's going to be pretty rough because I gotta spray surgeries. Some constantly like
Justin’s iPhone: Three like 100 yard toes up and down hill spring trees and then I'm constantly like going back and forth moving that hose back and forth and pulling the o's are playing bows.
Justin’s iPhone: And then so I constantly spray trees or I'm constantly under houses pulling the host to go and take care of return my job like
Justin’s iPhone: And it's not like a little hose like it's almost like a whole Intro So I'm constantly
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: Back and forth. Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: Boy in that hundred yards. I mean,
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Do you guys have a place to live.
Justin’s iPhone: We are actually down here looking for a place to sleep.
Joan Kandel: Yeah okay so you don't have a place yet.
Justin’s iPhone: Like right now.
Justin’s iPhone: Like last time.
Justin’s iPhone: Last 10 days we were staying at my parents RV and then we're just like, no, we need to go ahead and just get up a place because that was just too close to my parents house and then now. Now we're over here in this hotel.
Justin’s iPhone: And it's, it's different. This is like probably
Justin’s iPhone: Remember,
Justin’s iPhone: What
Justin’s iPhone: It's like, wait, I mean it's
Nice.
Justin’s iPhone: For you sustain like a blog or somewhere like
Justin’s iPhone: So,
Justin’s iPhone: Just getting used to it. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Right.
Joan Kandel: Right, yeah.
Joan Kandel: I'm, I'm in New Mexico to I'm up in dual say
Justin’s iPhone: Nice, nice.
Justin’s iPhone: Pretty
Joan Kandel: I like
Joan Kandel: For a long time, I've
Justin’s iPhone: Got all the good fishing spots.
Joan Kandel: You got Red River. Yeah, we do.
Yeah, we
Justin’s iPhone: Saw Jay
Justin’s iPhone: Great. Yeah, I know.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, they got some really good pawns in that order.
Justin’s iPhone: But yeah, that's pretty much that's pretty much it, I guess, I guess. Other medications that I take right now I do get Fioricet for for my migraines.
Justin’s iPhone: I do get Adderall for ADHD ADHD.
Justin’s iPhone: I get that. And then I get a
Justin’s iPhone: I get a Lyrica for they're hoping like to help with my wrist pain during the cold so
Justin’s iPhone: Dogs. Dogs.
Justin’s iPhone: Jump on that. You gotta jump on that real quick.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Justin’s iPhone: But yeah, so
Joan Kandel: Where do you get those kids. What's your
Joan Kandel: What's your plan to
Joan Kandel: Fund those meds.
Justin’s iPhone: Right now.
Justin’s iPhone: We want to sound like oh and I get testosterone, because I had a low testosterone count when I did my blood work.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Justin’s iPhone: And my genetic tests I had really low testosterone count so they gave me 200 milligrams of testosterone. A week injection. And then, okay, I get a furious.
Justin’s iPhone: I rural America.
Justin’s iPhone: And
Joan Kandel: And you're going to find a local doctor
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, end up finding
Justin’s iPhone: That I could find me a family practice doctor prescribing here.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, okay.
Joan Kandel: Alrighty, so, um,
Joan Kandel: Let's talk a little bit. I'm going to go into a little bit more about your, your history and stuff. But let's talk about your, your dose of Suboxone before we kind of move away from that.
Joan Kandel: So it seems like you've been at 16 milligrams for about six months.
Joan Kandel: But it's not quite holding you
Joan Kandel: What I would propose that we that we do is is move your dose up to 20 milligrams, which is two and a half strips today and just
Joan Kandel: To see if that you know is
Joan Kandel: Is a happy medium between going all the way up to three strips a day because it's true that most people don't require three trips a day.
Joan Kandel: But it sounds like the two strips.
Joan Kandel: Today is not is not cutting it for you.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, so
Joan Kandel: Do on two and a half.
Justin’s iPhone: Do you think, do you think also because of my size like I'm 693 hundred pounds. Like, do you think that has anything to do with that or do you think it's honestly I just been on and
Joan Kandel: You know, shockingly
Joan Kandel: Shockingly, it doesn't make that much difference in terms of size,
Joan Kandel: Because I've had little tiny human beings who've needed much higher doses than big huge human beings. So it's really it's just hard to predict. It just has more to do with your own metabolism, then how big or small, you are
Justin’s iPhone: It's interesting that way.
Maybe some chia
Joan Kandel: Yeah, it is interesting because it really, it has effects on the receptors in your brain and your brain, frankly, is about the same size as most other people. So it has more to do with the with the effect on your brain than it does on on you know the rest of your the size of your body.
Joan Kandel: Which is different than other medications that act you
Justin’s iPhone: Know the body. I think that's, I think that's the one main reason why I really do like Suboxone I feel like it. It's clear in my mind for a lot of other things.
Justin’s iPhone: I don't feel like a month.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, it helps. Yeah, right.
Joan Kandel: Well, yeah. Two and a half makes a lot of sense.
Joan Kandel: Okay, well let's do that. You know, I think that you may find that, especially since you've been on 16 milligrams for for six months that you're going to feel like being 20 milligrams is going to be like the sweet spot.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay, awesome. I appreciate that.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, no, I think that that's going to be better. So, um,
Joan Kandel: So with the bright heart health program, we're all online.
Joan Kandel: As you know, and what the way the program works is that we have group meetings once a week.
Joan Kandel: And we have individual counseling meetings as well.
Joan Kandel: And that that can be as often as once a week or slightly less often, depending how you know stable, you're doing and stuff like that. But the group meetings are definitely once a week, and we'd so we do our prescriptions every week when people show up to group that's when we did the prescriptions.
Joan Kandel: Well done, which is different than what you're used to, but it's nice because you don't have to go to an office. You just have to be on a folder.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, exactly.
Justin’s iPhone: So, so would I be able to go to a group, a group. This week, or like today, possibly because pretty much I'm out of the box.
Joan Kandel: Oh, yeah. So I'm going to prescribe you just from this meeting, and then we'll set you up for a group. So yes, you're going to get your meds today. Oh.
Joan Kandel: Awesome.
Justin’s iPhone: You're going to get your Suboxone today. Appreciate it.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so, but let's talk. Yeah, you bet. So let's talk about groups.
Joan Kandel: Would you be able so that so we have
Joan Kandel: Tuesday groups.
Joan Kandel: at 7am or at noon. Would you be able to do either one of those
Justin’s iPhone: I'd rather do the seven
Joan Kandel: Then
Joan Kandel: Because then that's before work.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, exactly. And
Justin’s iPhone: Then do a new
Justin’s iPhone: Cuz I'm pretty busy through the
Justin’s iPhone: Day. So seven, etc.
Joan Kandel: And that would actually be a good time for you.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, that'd be better.
Joan Kandel: Good. Okay. Okay, good. So, um, so what we'll do is
Joan Kandel: I'm going to get you in the group which is
Joan Kandel: Steve, so obviously you're not going today two groups.
Joan Kandel: Because it already.
Joan Kandel: happened this morning. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to get you eight days of
Joan Kandel: Medicine.
Joan Kandel: To get me through
Joan Kandel: To next Tuesday and then
Joan Kandel: You still there.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'm here.
Justin’s iPhone: Sorry about that.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: That's okay, that's fine. Just want to make sure you're still there.
Joan Kandel: So it so you'll have enough for a week and then
Joan Kandel: What we ask is that when you like about a half an hour before your group you check in with the virtual clinic, which is what you did this morning and then they will
Joan Kandel: They'll have you fill out a questionnaire about how you're doing and how things are going and then they'll give you the number of the zoom room number to call in it, which changes every
Joan Kandel: Week. So it's a different number every week. So they'll give it to you at the time, so call in about a half an hour beforehand.
Joan Kandel: And and that group is going to be with
Joan Kandel: With
Joan Kandel: Gwen affair is the therapist. So every group has a therapist and a doctor in it. And that one's going to be whenever it's going to be the therapist and she'll get in touch with you for a one on one individual counseling probably sometime later this week.
Joan Kandel: For you to meet with her. And then Dr. April is going to be the doctor and she's great. She's, she's been doing this for a long time and she will be the doc in that group.
Joan Kandel: And so we'll, we'll kind of go from there.
Joan Kandel: Good. And then, did they tell you about labs. They want you to get some lab work done.
Justin’s iPhone: No, no you so. So where do we need to go to do this.
Joan Kandel: So what you'll do after you're done after we're done with the call is you'll call over to the virtual clinic and
Joan Kandel: Tell them that you need to get set up for
Joan Kandel: Your labs and they'll look up where you are in Santa Fe and they'll find the nearest
Joan Kandel: Lab that you can go to and they'll give you the information about that.
Joan Kandel: And then
Joan Kandel: They'll also have you fill out a an ace questionnaire which is it's just kind of a questionnaire about your
Joan Kandel: Childhood and how you were
Joan Kandel: Raised and and stuff like that. So they'll do both those things. So you can do that right after we get off the phone.
Joan Kandel: And then which pharmacy or am I going to be prescribing to
Justin’s iPhone: Go Walgreens on serious route.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Got it.
Joan Kandel: So when I prescribe. I'm going to be prescribing you like I said eight days worth of the Suboxone at 20 milligrams. So, two and a half strips a day and
Joan Kandel: The other thing is I'm going to prescribe naloxone for you, Mark, can do you have any of that.
Justin’s iPhone: No, I'm actually
Justin’s iPhone: I think the
Justin’s iPhone: Major. What's your son evil beta give us the nasal spray that gave us
Justin’s iPhone: He gave me the pill for but I don't have
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, from my old
Justin’s iPhone: Texas. Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: Give me the
Justin’s iPhone: Nasal spray
Joan Kandel: Yeah, the nasal spray is that is that that's where the money is that it's going to save a life.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so we'll get you that
Joan Kandel: Yes, so I'm getting you both of those things.
Joan Kandel: And then
Joan Kandel: The other thing I wanted to tell you about Reinhard which may which you may find helpful.
Joan Kandel: Is have in addition to Dr. Gabriel who you'll be seeing she'll be the one who does ongoing prescriptions of the Suboxone
Joan Kandel: But we also have Dr. Jackson, who's a pain specialist
Joan Kandel: And she doesn't prescribe medicines for pain, but she she has a lot of really helpful self help sort of pain management strategies different tools that people can learn
Joan Kandel: Whether it's mindfulness meditation or yoga or positioning or stretching or different things that that people can use to really help with their pain with their chronic pain.
Joan Kandel: Instead of just taking pills for it. So if in the future, you're interested in getting an appointment with her. She's available to
And she's pretty awesome.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay. Well, I appreciate that.
Joan Kandel: So something to think about.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: So if, if at some point you want to meet with Dr. Jackson, just ask Dr. Gabriel to get you an appointment with her.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay yeah well right away.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, good. Do you
Joan Kandel: Do you want me to ask them to get
Joan Kandel: You an appointment with her.
Justin’s iPhone: Said something I didn't. Yeah, I do, I do, actually. Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: If you can, that'd be very just
Justin’s iPhone: Because I checked my emails all the time. So pretty much, if you just want to shoot me an email.
Justin’s iPhone: I'll get back to race within like at least two hours.
Joan Kandel: Okay, for you. That's great. So what I'm going to do is as
Joan Kandel: Part of the virtual clinic, which is kind of the hub of
Joan Kandel: Bright heart health, we have we have care navigators who kind of take care of all of the the patient's needs. And so I will tell that your care navigator Angelina that you're interested in an appointment with Dr. Jackson and so she'll try to coordinate that with you.
Justin’s iPhone: Good. Can I ask you another question is
Justin’s iPhone: So after like about a month and do do his own group and personal meetings every week or is after like a month or two months as it sort of comes back to like two weeks or or anything like that.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so it takes a little bit
Joan Kandel: Longer than that to
Justin’s iPhone: To get
Joan Kandel: You know, kind of like privileges or or longer, longer prescriptions and time between meetings.
Joan Kandel: So we keep people on weekly groups at least
Joan Kandel: For a long time, like, you know, six months or so that the therapies, the individual therapy sessions, you can talk with your therapist about how often you feel like you need that that does not need to be every week, usually
Joan Kandel: At least once you get established, but the group's, you know, that's kind of part of the process. So,
Joan Kandel: There are
Joan Kandel: Pain Management groups as well that Dr. Jackson does. So if you're doing her groups then like you could do her groups every other week, and the and the group. So Dr. Gabriel every other week so that you
Joan Kandel: Don't have to do like
Joan Kandel: Two groups, a week, but with the pain medicine, the pain management groups can substitute for a another group.
Justin’s iPhone: And good
Joan Kandel: So that's how that works. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so
Justin’s iPhone: When did you take your last dose of Suboxone yesterday.
Justin’s iPhone: I can tell you they
Joan Kandel: Didn't take any today.
Joan Kandel: No magic. So you're
Justin’s iPhone: In a crappy right now. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: 7am yesterday, and it was like to. I took my last piece in there wasn't a full on like usual as a smaller
Joan Kandel: Goddess and
Joan Kandel: So you're
Justin’s iPhone: Like, that's why I'm already feeling
Joan Kandel: So hot
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: You're read and ready to go get your
Man's
Justin’s iPhone: Just like
Justin’s iPhone: Oh my god. The minute you say you know my run over there.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: I could see that you are
Joan Kandel: So, what, what kind of symptoms are you having right now withdrawal symptoms.
Justin’s iPhone: Thank you, Miss
Justin’s iPhone: Both bones are
Justin’s iPhone: haven't started sweating it my palms are starting to get sweaty and clammy, but in my face hasn't got sweaty it
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and
Justin’s iPhone: I'm using the restroom. A lot. But it hasn't turned into
Justin’s iPhone: Sitting down. It's just me.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, it's just, yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: So, yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: You said that
Joan Kandel: Okay, got it.
Joan Kandel: That sounds good to me.
Joan Kandel: Um, okay, and
Joan Kandel: What other medical problems do you have besides your chronic pain.
Justin’s iPhone: Just ADHD and then migraines. Oh yeah, you know, and you know, I never even had a migraine problem until, until after I got her never had headaches ever in my life.
Justin’s iPhone: Interesting.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah. And so now I think
Again,
Justin’s iPhone: Like if I don't stay on top of that, you get one every day.
Joan Kandel: Oh, wow.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, so like if I don't say like, because if you're a set like you know it does. I take one of them was
Justin’s iPhone: Like it really just helps
Justin’s iPhone: Like some reason it just maybe it's the caffeine in the pill because it's like a caffeine mixture.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: And so, so
Justin’s iPhone: Take one in the morning. Yeah. But if I if I got forget. Oh.
Justin’s iPhone: Everything gets blurry just still my head starts to hurt real bad.
Justin’s iPhone: So,
Joan Kandel: Well, the
Joan Kandel: The bit. When you meet with Dr. Jackson, that might be helpful for you to like really focus on if there's something that you can do for your migrants, that wouldn't require you
Joan Kandel: Taking said twice a day, though.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, nice thing.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, all my
Justin’s iPhone: Work, especially for for
Justin’s iPhone: Christmas.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes 24 so
Justin’s iPhone: That'll be good.
Joan Kandel: Well, sounds like you've been through a lot of physical problems.
Joan Kandel: Are you allergic to anything.
Flexible
Justin’s iPhone: Very, very, very little flexor
Justin’s iPhone: My throat swells up
Justin’s iPhone: Like around immediately pretty much immediately.
Wow.
Justin’s iPhone: I turned. I started, I started getting real bread.
Justin’s iPhone: And then I started, I start, I start having a hard time breathing.
Joan Kandel: That sounds bad.
Feel flexible.
Joan Kandel: Yeah okay, Justin, when you tell me about the surgeries that you've had. And when you had them.
Justin’s iPhone: A proximity road that was
Justin’s iPhone: I did my proximity room was like think like four years ago.
Justin’s iPhone: I've done 123 we've done for spinal spinal injections for my back.
Justin’s iPhone: We okay we've done surgery on
Justin’s iPhone: On my about
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Can you tell me about
Joan Kandel: What you mean when you say proximity row. I'm not familiar with that term.
Justin’s iPhone: The proximity row is three bones that you have like right behind it. Like if you raise your wrist backwards. It's those three bones that you have right there that connect your hand to your, to your
Joan Kandel: Your, your, your carpal bones.
Joan Kandel: Got it. Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: I wasn't sure you're talking about a back surgery.
Justin’s iPhone: No, no, I'm talking about my wrists. I don't in my life, my
Justin’s iPhone: My dominant
Justin’s iPhone: I don't have no it's pretty much my hand just sitting on top of my phone.
Justin’s iPhone: I don't have phones there.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Is it is it floppy, or can you use it.
Justin’s iPhone: Down. I can go down, but I can't go back
Joan Kandel: Show me.
Joan Kandel: But that's about
Justin’s iPhone: It sounds like
Joan Kandel: But you can't extend it, got it.
Justin’s iPhone: Got it.
Justin’s iPhone: There's
Justin’s iPhone: A grab. So it does. It does. It
Joan Kandel: Okay are you ready
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Joan Kandel: Yes, of course.
Joan Kandel: Okay um what so that was about four years ago.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and what did you have done on your left eye.
Justin’s iPhone: And they just came in and they had to like
Justin’s iPhone: Custom tended
Justin’s iPhone: Off to the side. So sometimes when I look at here.
Justin’s iPhone: If I goes way over here. If I goes way over here and it's not, it just
Justin’s iPhone: Floats now.
Justin’s iPhone: So after really concentrating
Justin’s iPhone: So sometimes it just floats offices.
Justin’s iPhone: But before it was like, cool.
Joan Kandel: I see. Got it. So this is an improvement.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Justin’s iPhone: And then
Justin’s iPhone: Got on my, on my back through the last like three years I've gotten like four or five injections in my back, which they consider some all surgery.
Justin’s iPhone: Actually put you out for it. So they did that. And then I did actually have
Justin’s iPhone: That's pretty much it.
Joan Kandel: That's enough already.
Um,
Joan Kandel: Are your parents alive and well.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, my dad needs a liver transplant because
We found out
Justin’s iPhone: through years of Fatty Livers just as bad as the drinking liver
Justin’s iPhone: And so my dad doesn't really drink, drink.
Justin’s iPhone: He used to, but he stopped, long time ago, like maybe have a drink here and there, but now because he always carried the area around his middle they're saying that because he had that fat around his liver all his life. Now he's got he needs a liver
Justin’s iPhone: It's developed into cirrhosis.
Okay.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Any other health problems for him.
Justin’s iPhone: Know that in diabetes.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And your mom.
Justin’s iPhone: Know, just my my grandma, my mom side had a, what's it called Alzheimer's.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Justin’s iPhone: And your mom's healthy. Yeah, she's out
Joan Kandel: Do you have a brothers and sisters
Justin’s iPhone: Yes, I have one older brother and then I've got two younger sisters
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Are they healthy
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Substance use disorders, any, any thing like that in the family.
Justin’s iPhone: No, really.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And how about you. Are you a drinker.
Justin’s iPhone: What's know all
Joan Kandel: You don't
Justin’s iPhone: Okay, I'm really drink anymore.
Joan Kandel: Did you used to have a problem with drinking
Justin’s iPhone: No.
Joan Kandel: Just so now
Justin’s iPhone: I want a drink. I drink.
Joan Kandel: Got it. Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: But now I tend to avoid it.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And you mentioned that when you were younger, you use
Joan Kandel: Heroin. How about other drugs.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes, all
Joan Kandel: Everything.
Joan Kandel: And we're any of them. Would you consider a problem.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Justin’s iPhone: I felt like that was
The problems.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Yeah. And how long was heroin a problem for you.
Joan Kandel: How long did you use
Justin’s iPhone: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And how about tobacco.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, now there's a bad addiction. Right.
Justin’s iPhone: I don't want to do diction.
Joan Kandel: You don't
Justin’s iPhone: Smoke, you know, my just keep on smoking. I don't stop.
Joan Kandel: And yeah.
Joan Kandel: Right. What happened, what would happen if you stopped.
Justin’s iPhone: I just to the guy would you feel
Justin’s iPhone: Just to the go
Joan Kandel: Sorry, I didn't hear you.
Justin’s iPhone: I choose choose a nicotine gum.
Justin’s iPhone: That's
Justin’s iPhone: Exciting so
Joan Kandel: Right because because you would go into withdrawal.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: And you'd be
Justin’s iPhone: Hurting yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: Yeah. So yeah, there's a little
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so it's it's a it's a very bad addiction, actually, that
Joan Kandel: It's really, it's really tough to quit. It's definitely worth quitting. So, you know, if at some point you feel like you want to think about quitting. We can certainly help you
Because that's a nasty.
Joan Kandel: Too bad things to your body.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, that's probably that probably
Joan Kandel: I just planted a seed.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay, yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: Probably be helpful.
Joan Kandel: All right.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so tell me again how tall you are and how much you weigh
Justin’s iPhone: Six Nine to Five.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Do you happen to know what your blood pressure was last time you had it checked.
Justin’s iPhone: It was like 132 over
Justin’s iPhone: 97 or something like that.
Joan Kandel: Okay, thank you for that. That's great.
Joan Kandel: How long ago was that
Yesterday,
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Where'd you get it checked yesterday, pretty good.
Justin’s iPhone: I was, I was at my nose at my some I was getting all my refills from my Texas doctors before my insurance.
Joan Kandel: Sweet.
Justin’s iPhone: That was very smart. Yeah. So, and then moving over here.
Joan Kandel: Gives you a little question, I will. Sorry.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, no, that you need that. That's smart of you.
Justin’s iPhone: So you don't have that desperate feeling. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Do you have any
Joan Kandel: Do you have any scars on your body.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah. On my right wrist on my
Justin’s iPhone: Left me right me and then on my back and my my my butt cheek.
Joan Kandel: What happened there.
Justin’s iPhone: That's an acid.
Justin’s iPhone: Acid. We're working a frank company, and let's build acid like
Justin’s iPhone: Came off the trailer and landed on my pants and I didn't know it was on my pants. But I got into work truck and start driving and then that waste moisture finally got to my skin and I ate partially of my skin.
Justin’s iPhone: And then
Justin’s iPhone: Plan and I have the rest of my life. That's a hospital.
Justin’s iPhone: Me a nice butterfly or dad.
Justin’s iPhone: And that's me a nice butterfly on my, on my butt cheek.
Joan Kandel: You can convert it to a tattoo.
Pretty butterfly.
Justin’s iPhone: No.
Joan Kandel: No, no, it's not gonna happen.
Justin’s iPhone: No, no.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: So that so that scarred your, your buttocks and your back.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right.
Joan Kandel: Okay, I think we, I think we covered everything that I wanted to cover. Do you have any questions for me.
Justin’s iPhone: Know, just as long as when everybody if everybody can shoot me emails like the day before, like, so it's sort of give me reminders, because I'm better at that looking at my email and remembering that I am actually like remembering throughout the week. Does that make sense.
Joan Kandel: Well, it makes sense. However, they're, they're probably not going to be able to send you an email every week.
Joan Kandel: As a reminder, I mean they'll probably send you an email as to when your first appointment is for therapy and maybe your first appointment for Dr. Jackson, kind of like they did for this appointment.
Justin’s iPhone: And then I have a reminder
Joan Kandel: Every week, you're going to have to come up with a plan.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Justin’s iPhone: I don't remember.
I'll just put it on my notes.
Joan Kandel: That's the way to do it. Yes.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so, so your
Joan Kandel: Group is going to be
Justin’s iPhone: Every Tuesday at 7am
Justin’s iPhone: So every Tuesday at about 630
You're gonna cry.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay, because there's three now.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: It's she's saying something that
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah. Hold on one second one I asked her, you lose your ID number, you
Justin’s iPhone: Know I have your ID number, my notes.
Justin’s iPhone: If you lose your ID number to call the to join the first group, group to get the, the doctors number
Justin’s iPhone: Did they give it to you every time they call the office in the beginning.
Justin’s iPhone: Of like the
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so every, every group.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so the so the main number for you to know is the number and you can put it in your phone is the number for the virtual clinic, which I think it's a 408 number because
Joan Kandel: They're the ones who you're going to check in with and the end the meeting.
Joan Kandel: Room changes every week. So each group is going to have a different meeting room. So when you call in a half an hour before your group that's when they're going to give you a new meeting number so
Joan Kandel: That like this number. You don't have to remember it because it won't exist. Again, and then every group, you won't have to remember it. Beyond that, that group.
Justin’s iPhone: So the only number you
Joan Kandel: Really need to remember is that
Justin’s iPhone: The virtual first bumbry is
Justin’s iPhone: That they should be for every everything
Justin’s iPhone: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Perfect. Yes.
Justin’s iPhone: That's one. That's what I think it starts with 408
Justin’s iPhone: You have that number. Yeah, we do.
Joan Kandel: We have. Okay, good. So that's the one that's the one to call
Joan Kandel: And then the other numbers that they give you there just for temporary so you don't need to hang on to those ones.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay, awesome, awesome. I'll explain.
Justin’s iPhone: To her
Joan Kandel: You know what I'm going to do now, Justin.
Justin’s iPhone: Can you tell him and see
I'm going to put your
Joan Kandel: Put your
Joan Kandel: Meds in
Justin’s iPhone: Right now, Bruce. Can you tell me I
Justin’s iPhone: Appreciate it, thank
Justin’s iPhone: You
Joan Kandel: Okay, I totally get it. Yeah, so a Walgreens on serious, it's going to be there within minutes for me getting it to them. And then, you know, it takes a little while for them to process it, but it should be soon.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay, thank you so much.
Joan Kandel: Okay, Justin, you take care yourself.
Justin’s iPhone: Good luck with the movie everything. All right, thank you so much. Have a good day.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Bye bye.